e2e: document e2e provisioning process (#6976)
hashicorp/nomad: e2e/README.md

# End to End Tests

This package contains integration tests.

The `terraform` folder has provisioning code to spin up a Nomad cluster on AWS.
The tests work with the `NOMAD_ADDR` environment variable which can be set
either to a local dev Nomad agent or a Nomad client on AWS.

## Local Development

The workflow when developing end to end tests locally is to run the
provisioning step described below once, and then run the tests as described
below.

When making local changes, use `./bin/update $(which nomad) /usr/local/bin/nomad`
and `./bin/run sudo systemctl restart nomad` to destructively modify the
provisioned cluster.

## Provisioning Test Infrastructure on AWS

You'll need Terraform and AWS credentials (`AWS_ACCESS_KEY_ID` and

> `AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`) to create the Nomad cluster. See the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`AWS_SECRET_ACCESS_KEY`) to setup AWS nodes on which e2e tests will run. See the
```

[README](https://github.com/hashicorp/nomad/blob/master/e2e/terraform/README.md)
for details. The number of servers and clients is configurable, as is the
configuration file for each client and server.

> ## Provisioning

Reviewer: How about `## Provisioning e2e Framework Nomad Cluster` - to help point out this is a separate provisioning step from the TF infra provisioning that happens above

You can use the Terraform output from the previous step to generate a
provisioning configuration file for the e2e framework.

```sh
# from the ./e2e/terraform directory

> terraform output provisioning | jq . > ../provisioning.json

Reviewer: probably want `provisioning.json` in `.gitignore`

Author: Good call. Will do.

```

By default the `provisioning.json` will include a `nomad_sha` field for each
node. Because each node has its own value, you can create cluster of mixed

> versions. The provisioning framework accepts any of the following options:

Reviewer: Is the idea one can manually edit `provisioning.json` with explicit versions for each node?

If one of the flags below is provided to `go test`, does that override the nomad version for all nodes in `provisioning.json`?

Author: > Is the idea one can manually edit provisioning.json with explicit versions for each node?

Yes.

> If one of the flags below is provided to `go test`, does that override the nomad version for all nodes in `provisioning.json`?

Yes! That could probably be made more clear here though.

Author: Done.
